Docs: Maintenance updates for November (#149)
rsksmart/devportal: rif/rns/libs/javascript/Advanced-usage.md

The library has already set the contract addresses for RSK Mainnet and Testnet, so if the Web3 instance points to one of those networks, no extra action is needed.
If you want to use your local blockchain, contract addresses must be provided and should be sent as parameter.

> If a custom blockchain has been set but the contracts addresses are not provided, it will throw [KB005](/rif/rns/libs/javascript/errors) on the first operation invoked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

> If a custom blockchain has been set but the contracts addresses are not provided, it will throw [“ No contract addresses provided”](/rif/rns/libs/javascript/errors) on the first operation invoked.
```

## Advanced usage

Use Web3 `Contract`s directly

> The library must be composed before accessing to the contracts, if not, it will throw [KB004](/rif/rns/libs/javascript/errors).

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The library must be composed before accessing to the contracts, if not, it will throw [“ Library not composed”](/rif/rns/libs/javascript/errors).
```
